refactor(sbb-header): removed 'logo' slot (#3230)
sbb-design-systems/lyne-components: src/elements/header/header/readme.md

## Slots

The slot can contain:

> - one or more action ([sbb-header-button](/docs/elements-sbb-header-sbb-header-button--docs) or [sbb-header-link](/docs/elements-sbb-header-sbb-header-link--docs))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- one or more actions ([sbb-header-button](/docs/elements-sbb-header-sbb-header-button--docs) or [sbb-header-link](/docs/elements-sbb-header-sbb-header-link--docs))
```

- other action items like [sbb-button](/docs/elements-sbb-button--docs) or [sbb-link](/docs/elements-sbb-link--docs)
- a logo or a signet with the `.sbb-header-logo` class (see [sbb-logo](/docs/elements-sbb-logo--docs))

> Slotted elements are aligned to the left. Use `<div class="sbb-header-spacer">` to align elements after it to the right..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Slotted elements are aligned to the left. Use `<div class="sbb-header-spacer">` to align elements after it to the right.
```

> By default, elements are aligned to the left. Use a `<div class="sbb-header-spacer">` to fill the empty space between elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slotted elements are aligned to the left. Use `<div class="sbb-header-spacer">` to align elements after it to the right.
```

  .sbb-header-spacer {
    display: none;
  }

  .sbb-header-spacer-logo {
    display: block;
  }
}
```

```html
<sbb-header>
  <sbb-header-button icon-name="..." expand-from="small"> ... </sbb-header-button>

  <!-- Will be hidden on small screen sizes -->
  <div class="sbb-header-spacer"></div>

  <sbb-header-button icon-name="..."> ... </sbb-header-button>
  <sbb-header-button icon-name="..."> ... </sbb-header-button>
  <sbb-header-button icon-name="..." class="last-element"> ... </sbb-header-button>

  <!-- Will only be shown on small screen sizes -->

>   <div class="sbb-header-spacer sbb-header-spacer-logo"></div>

Reviewer 3: We don't need the header spacer here, logo should be enough? (would also apply to other files)
```suggestion
  <div class="sbb-header-spacer-logo"></div>
```
